---
title: Why stay updated?
date: '2025-06-20'
---

In tech, a lot happens in a year. We just went from saying chatgpt is interesting to seeing almost all the Y Combinator funded companies focus on the AI stuff, all in the span of a couple of years. Every day something new happens, a new discovery comes, and it feels like what we are doing today will be replaced in just the upcoming years.

While it’s interesting and worthwhile to be updated with the latest tech news/updates, there’s a lot more to it, actually.

About a couple of months ago, the Ghibli trend came on Twitter initially. Everyone was changing their profile picture from their real ones to the ones generated by chatgpt. The initial catch was you’d need chatgpt Plus to do so, or else would have to face rate limits. It was so convincing that I myself got a sub for chatgpt Plus. Now, there was an interesting person who would monetize this and sell it to people. There was no chatgpt API that would allow developers to directly get access to image generation. But the smart person, in some way, maybe by building some sort of n8n automation, launched a small side project where you’d put in your normal image and it’d output a Ghibli one. They made a quick few grand instantly. The moat here was to figure out something a lot of people would want since it was really exciting but no one had done it because the API wasn’t there yet.

This is just an example. There are numerous benefits to being up to date with tech, as in you’d get to know the new alpha something that might trend in the near future and maybe even make a living out of something like this.

While I haven’t been able to make some cash this route, I still think this could be something I’d want to tap into. And regardless, being a technological nerd myself, I don’t care if I don’t make money. I get to learn stuff anyway.

If you liked reading this I'd appreciate your feedback at hi@vish.ay
